This seat will send you to your door.
I am an adult
The tree of three days has not arrived yet
Do you want to cheat
I knew you would find me
Did you not expect it?
I can't believe you have this hobby
I like to live in houses that others have lived in
Everyone's life path is different.
Walk the path you have walked
It makes me feel the value of your life
Haha so what?
What do you feel?
I'm on your way
I saw the song and dance rise
See peace and prosperity
But I didn't see it.
Your favorite paintbrush
Hahaha, that makes me feel funny.
I have been touching the things I like for more than a hundred years
Will you get bored too?
Yeah, just like the old days
I thought it was funny when I got Rakshasa
Thief Tiangang gave me endless happiness
But a thousand years later
I'm bored.
I started looking
I'm starting to expect no more variables to come
Hahaha, oops, you got it.
Don't make your greed sound so grand
Come on, fight
Your cultivation has been restored
Then you have to ask my good wife Sophie?
Okay, not bad.
match
OK
It seems that you are not that store either.
Look behind you.